## Motivation
Building web apps is hard today because there are too many technologies to learn. But it's also charming today, because there are so many great libraries helping to build complicated things in elegant ways. After enjoying creating a pretty large application mainly with React, Redux and React-router, I decided to summarize it and make the approach re-usable, so I created Rekit. Actually it is mainly based on the toolset I created for the project.

While building a React + Redux + React-router application, there are many trivial but important tasks to do besides the application logic. These tasks ensure a good application architecture but are not related with your application functionalities.

For example: a forum application needs a list page to display topics. Typically you need to finish below tasks before you start writing the topic list logic:

1. Create a React component class named `TopicList`.
2. Define a routing path for the `TopicList` component in React-router config.
3. Create a style file named `TopicList.css` and import it in the component or somewhere.
4. Use `react-redux` to connect the component to the Redux store.
5. Create four action types as constants: `FETCH_BEGIN`, `FETCH_PENDING`, `FETCH_SUCCESS`, `FETCH_FAILURE`, typically in `constants.js`.
6. Create two actions: `fetchTopicList` and `dismissFetchTopicListError`.
7. Import constants in the action file.
8. Create a reducer handling the four types of actions and define the initial state.
9. Import constants in the reducer file.
10. Create the component unit test file.
11. Create the action unit test file.
12. Create the reducer unit test file.

It's really awful! You need to write tons of code to setup the code structure just before writing the first line of the application logic. After repeating the same process dozens of times manually, I created tools to automate it.

Because the toolkit is based on the opinionate approach which I think is more scalable and testable, it could do more things than general code generators. Such as:

* It knows where to define routing config.
* It knows where to put constants.
* It knows how to define action types based on the action name.
* It knows how to create reducers based on action type.
* It knows how to create meaningful test cases.

And also because of the Rekit tools, the opinionated approach could be guaranteed because almost all project elements could be generated by Rekit. So folder structure, namings, configurations could be always consistent so that they are easy to understand, analyze, test and maintain.

#### Sublime Plugin
Rekit is firstly provided as nodejs scritps, but switching between the editor and terminal is also inconvenient. So I created a [Sublime plugin](/docs/sublime-plugin) so that you could complete almost all common tasks in Sublime such as creating/removing/testing features, components, actions etc.
